# Empty Project Template

Inside your project you should have the following structure:
## At the top level:
### README.md
This file right here. Make sure you edit it to describe your project
### .gitignore
This file tells git which files to you should not track with version control
### Jar file(s)
Executable jar file(s) with all resources needed to run.

## src/ folder
This contains your source code, organized into one or more packages.

## doc/ folder
Includes all documentation other than this README

### Object design diagram

The object design document should be in PDF format.
First page/slide is object diagram, with description of objects on the next page(s).

On more complicated projects, you may need additional diagrams to
clearly describe subcomponents.

### Other documentation

If you found it useful to document your projects in other ways (class
diagrams, algorithm description, tables of events, etc.) put the
documents here.

## resources/ folder

This is an optional folder that you'll include if you are using any
resource files (sounds, images, etc.)

## .github/ folder
This folder may be automatically generated by the Github Classroom bot and updated when we change the autograder settings.
You should not change anything here, but you may need to pull the changes from the server before you will be able to push your own code.


## MyTilesProject
My tiles game is pretty much the same as everyone else's except I added a fun feature 
where each tile has an eye that follows the mouse around. 

I achieved this by adding circles to the top of my stack pane, made in tiles file, 
that resembled eyes. Then I added an event handler to the scene, in Display file,
that tracks the mouse's location "setOnMouseMoved()" unfortunately the Display has no
way of seeing the tiles since the tiles are handled by Board which makes the grid pane.

I got around this by making a method in Board, "updateEyeDirection()" which calls
updateEyeDirectionTile() in Tile which updates the eye direction. it's really round about
but this is my first time using FX so a little duct tape was required. 

The MainGameLoop file controls the game calling Display and Board. It also handles
the score by incrementing variables and passes them to Display for the labels.

Game over indication is triggered when the highest possible score, 75 is reached.

## MainGameLoop
This method controls the game and updates score and streak. it creates an instance of 
Display and sets the stage. It also checks for game over and calls Displays game over message when applicable. 
## Known Bugs
The Only bugs I really have is that the tile size does not change so when you go full 
screen they are just evenly spaced out. 

It is also technically impossible to get a perfect streak since when a stack runs out of 
shapes the streak is broke. 

I believe everything else should be working as it should.

